doing a review on my Yamaha ERG 121 C
and this is down to my iPhone so it's
not the greatest quality starting at the
back one con about this guitar is the
output or input I can't remember I guess
I should yeah this is plastic so it's
kind of annoying some it'll break so
don't lean on it with your recording
which really sucks the tuning I mean the
strap pegs there in the normal place but
it should be that's a good thing it's a
nice sleek smooth black finish which my
likes bossy
the bridge is nice whammy bar
don't want me barnak the bridge is kind
of pointy here but you get used to it
after a while one volume knob and two
knob keep it off both of these have to
be 210 full effect this add the fifth
fifth position is the lead
that's rhythm middle to open qualify
cups and once you go that makes a decent
sounding entire man seriously actually
probably the best especially with that
baby right there and these two babies
yeah a nice mid overturn okay so it also
has like a curve going on here kind of
like not just a brick the maple neck
that really likes the action is they're
in a very low I like little action
guitars tuning pegs or okay but they get
kind G down there so we have to tune it
put a bit the block thing here okay what
it's called is not a lock next that's
another amazing strings brother so pro
about the concern of pros about the
guitar good things in other words low
action decent sounding pickups nice
metal guitar nice lead guitar okay
classical guitar
nice curves Khan's output horrible
damage what I hate it
see you buy a new one just don't like it
sharp bridge not a lock neck tuning pegs
kind of get jiggidy and sometimes the
pickups get a little buzzy I would play
it right now but it's 4:00 in the
morning in my parents asleep
yes I'm only 14 live in my house both on
neck can't really tell if that's a car
walk on and yeah that's basically it it
for the price it's at I'd give it a 4
out of 5 stars because heck 150 to 200
bucks good guitar I played a talent show
with this baby it did its job so don't
just it cuz it's cheap guitar it sounds
great
so definitely buy it if you're beginner
thanks for watching don't forget to rate
subscribe and comment thanks